Megaphat Networks License Notice

Copyright (c) 2020 Megaphat Networks

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

You as the recipient, either an individual or corporation may use this 
software and the source code in any manner desired so long as it complies 
with local and international law.  Additionally this  license must be displayed
for along with the name of the original copyright holder, Megaphat Networks. 
You may incorporate this software and/or source code in another software 
product so long as the license notice is intact.  You are free to charge for
your own software that includes this software and/or source code so long as 
your product is not solely based on this source code.  You may include this
source code in your own copyrighted works so long as the license for the
original source code is maintained and the original author (Megaphat Networks) 
remain intact.  You may NOT patent this source code even as part of your own
works without expressed written consent from Megaphat Networks.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
